.TH "FRACTALNOW" "1" "2012-07-11" "FractalNow" "Fractal generator"
.SH NAME
fractalnow \- Generate fractal images.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B fractalnow
[OPTIONS] \-c <Config> [\-x <Width>|\-y <Height>] \-o <Output>
.
.br
.B fractalnow
[OPTIONS] \-f <Fractal> \-r <Rendering> [\-x <Width>|\-y <Height>] \-o <Output>
.SH DESCRIPTION
FractalNow is a command line tool that generates pictures of fractals
as Portable PixMap (PPM) files.
.br
It is multi-threaded and implements advanced algorithms and heuristics that
make computation very fast compared to most existing free fractal generators.
.br
See QFractalNow, a graphical tool to explore fractals.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Print help.
.
.TP
.B \-q
Quiet mode, only errors are displayed.
.
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose mode.
.
.TP
.B \-j <NbThreads>
Specify number of threads (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-g <GradientFile>
Specify gradient file, overriding gradient from configuration/
rendering file.
.
.TP
.B \-l <FloatType>
Specify float type:
.RS
single     Single precision.
.br
double     Double precision.
.br
ldouble    Long double precision.
.br
mp         Multiple precision.
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-L <MPPrecision>
Specify precision of Multiple Precision (MP) floats (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-a <AntiAliasingMethod> 
Specify anti-aliasing method:
.RS
none          By default.
.br
blur          Gaussian blur.
.br
oversampling  Oversampling.
.br
adaptive      Smart oversampling.
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-s <AAMSize>
Specify size for anti-aliasing:
.RS
Radius for blur (values in [2.5, 4] are generally good).
.br
Scale factor for oversampling ([3, 5] is good for a high quality image).
.br
Scale factor for adaptive (integers between 3-5 are good for a high quality image).
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-p <AAMThreshold>
Threshold for adaptive anti-aliasing (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-i <QuadSize>
Maximum size of quadrilaterals for linear interpolation.
.RS
Default is good for no visible loss of quality (see help for default value).
.br
1 means no interpolation (all pixels are computed).
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-t <Threshold>
Dissimilarity threshold for quad interpolation.
.RS
Default is good for no visible loss of quality (see help for default value).
.br
A quadrilateral that shows too dissimilar values at its corners will be computed, 
as opposed to interpolated.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
FractalNow was written by Marc Pegon <pe.marc@free.fr>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
FractalNow is licensed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License,
Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
QFractalNow manual page.
.br
Documentation files describing configuration, fractal, rendering and gradient
files formats.
