.TH "QFRACTALNOW" "1" "2012-07-11" "QFractalNow" "Fractal explorer/generator"
.SH NAME
qfractalnow \- Explore fractals and generate fractal images.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B qfractalnow
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
QFractalNow is a graphical tool, based on Qt library, that allows users to
explore fractals intuitively and generate pictures.
.br
It is multi-threaded and implements advanced algorithms and heuristics that
make computation very fast compared to most existing free fractal generators.
.br
See FractalNow, a command-line tool to generate fractal images.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Print help.
.
.TP
.B \-q
Quiet mode, only errors are displayed.
.
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose mode.
.
.TP
.B \-j <NbThreads>
Specify number of threads (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-c <ConfigFile>
Specify configuration file, overriding default configuration.
.
.TP
.B \-f <FractalFile>
Specify fractal file, overriding parameters from default configuration
or configuration file.
.
.TP
.B \-r <RenderingFile>
Specify rendering file, overriding parameters from default configuration
or configuration file.
.
.TP
.B \-g <GradientFile>
Specify gradient file, overriding gradient from default configuration,
configuration file, or rendering file.
.
.TP
.B \-x <Width>
Specify image width.
.
.TP
.B \-y <Height>
Specify image height.

.
.TP
.B \-l <FloatType>
Specify float type:
.RS
single     Single precision.
.br
double     Double precision.
.br
ldouble    Long double precision.
.br
mp         Multiple precision.
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-L <MPPrecision>
Specify precision of Multiple Precision (MP) floats (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-a <AntiAliasingMethod> 
Specify anti-aliasing method:
.RS
none          By default.
.br
blur          Gaussian blur.
.br
oversampling  Oversampling.
.br
adaptive      Smart oversampling.
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-m <MinAAMSize>
Specify minimum size of adaptive anti-aliasing (see help for default value).
.br
Must be an integer strictly greater than 1.
.
.TP
.B \-M <MaxAAMSize>
Specify maximum size of adaptive anti-aliasing (see help for default value).
.br
Must be an integer strictly greater than 1 and MinAAMSize.
.
.TP
.B \-n <AAMSizeIteration>
Anti-aliasing size iteration.
.br
Anti-aliasing size will increase by steps of AAMSizeIteration from MinAAMSize to MaxAAMSize.
.
.TP
.B \-p <AAMThreshold>
Threshold for adaptive anti-aliasing (see help for default value).
.
.TP
.B \-i <QuadSize>
Maximum size of quadrilaterals for linear interpolation.
.RS
Default is good for no visible loss of quality (see help for default value).
.br
1 means no interpolation (all pixels are computed).
.RE
.
.TP
.B \-t <Threshold>
Dissimilarity threshold for quad interpolation.
.RS
Default is good for no visible loss of quality (see help for default value).
.br
A quadrilateral that shows too dissimilar values at its corners will be computed, 
as opposed to interpolated.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
QFractalNow was written by Marc Pegon <pe.marc@free.fr>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
QFractalNow is licensed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License,
Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
FractalNow manual page.
.br
Documentation files describing configuration, fractal, rendering and gradient
files formats.
